>> Kyle: All right, part three,
now that hopefully you're feeling
a little bit more confident.
And by the way,
if you didn't get part two finished,
just grab the fixed version and
make that your starting point.
Fixed being, make that your
starting point for part three.
But in part three, we go one more
step in terms of encapsulation.
We really wanna hammer home how
modules can start to help us.
The main thing that I can observe,
if I look at this fixed code here, is that
in my app code, let me go down to app.
In my app code, there's a bunch
of mixing in the data model
between project entries and
work data entries, or work entries.
And that mixing can get a bit complex.
And also if you think about it, there
are some operations that conceptually
are performed at the project
abstraction level.
So why don't we go one step further and
make a module instance for
each project and have an API that
represents the data that we wanna do,
the operations that we wanna interact with
each individual instance of projects?
So this last step is to say, instead of
all this project entry data stuff that's
getting passed around, make a project
module that can be, it's a factory, right?
Capital P, project factory function,
that can churn you out instances of
projects and then give it some methods
that allow you to interact more cleanly
with that part of the data model.
So instead of keeping track in your
app of all these different project
entry data objects like we're doing,
keep track of a list of project instances.